PD-1643 / 25.04 / PD-1643   SSH documentation has errors. (#3328)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Credentials/AdminRoles.md

3. Enable **Allow Password Authentication**.

4. Click **Save** and restart the SSH service.

Now you must verify the user configuration options to allow SSH access.

If you want to SSH into the system as the root: 

1. Go to **Credentials > Users** and click the root user, then click <span class="iconify" data-icon="mdi:pencil"></span> (**Edit**).

2. Make sure **Disable Pasword** is disabled. If the root user has **Disable Password** enabled, you cannot use it to gain SSH access to the system.

3. Click **Save**.

To allow an admin user to issue commands in an SSH session:

1. Go to **Credentials > Users**, click the admin user, then click <span class="iconify" data-icon="mdi:pencil"></span> (**Edit**).

2. Enable **SSH password login enabled** under **Authentication**.

3. Click **Save**. 

4. Disable this after completing the SSH session to return to a security-hardened system.

## Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) and Administrator Account Log In

To use two-factor authentication with an administrator account, configure and enable SSH service to allow SSH access, then [configure two-factor authentication]({{< relref "ManageGlobal2FASCALE.md" >}}).

> If you have the root user configured with a password and enable it, you can SSH into the system as the root user.

Reviewer: this is awkward, so here's one idea to fix it:
```suggestion
If you have the root user configured with a password and it is enabled, you can SSH into the system as the root user.
```

## Accessing the System Through an SSH Session

To enable SSH access to the system as an admin user (or root user), you must first configure the SSH service.

1. Go to **System > Services**, then click <span class="iconify" data-icon="mdi:pencil"></span> (**Edit**) for the SSH service.

> 2. In the **Password Login Groups** field, enter the groups you want to enable for password authentication (**truenas_admin**, **root**, etc.).

Reviewer: not parallel construction and a step procedure should start with the verb action
```suggestion
2.  Enter the groups (**truenas_admin**, **root**, etc.)  you want to enable for password authentication in the **Password Login Groups** field.
```
